Nowhere
Name: Nowhere
Description: This shouldn't be here, how did you find it?

Inventory
Name: Inventory
Description: In your inventory currently is:

Entrance
Name: Entrance
Description: You find yourself at the entrance of the resturant. Right now only you are here. To the north in the room is a order interface. The screen glows faintly. To the west are some tables and chairs, an area to sit down and eat. To the south is the entrance and exit doors. 

OrderStation
Name: Order station
Description: The screen lights up as you aproach the order station. A interface is shown on the display. Behind it to the north you see a food delivery station and some closed doors.

EatingArea
Name: Eating area
Description: A few tables and chairs are spread out in the room. To the south is a sign that says "Bathroom". To the west is the order station.

BathRoom
Name: Bathroom
Description: The bathroom is clean and neat. There is a toilet and a sink on the wall, with a mirror above the sink. On the opposite wall is a quite large air vent cover, with a faint humming noise emitting from it. The cover looks a bit loose. 

FoodDeliveryStation
Name: Food delivery station
Description: This is where the food is delivered if you order something. Through the small hatch you can see a tray, and a robotic arm. It probably puts food on the tray, but it's currently idle. The doors that lead north is on the side of the hatch. They look heavy.

Kitchen
Name: Kitchen
Description: You enter the Kitchen. Hanging down from the ceiling are at least 7 different robotic appandages, stretching out over the room. They are equiped with spatulas and diffrent kitchen tools. Along the walls are stoves, hotplates and fryers. A door leading east is labled "Waste processing". A door leading west is labled "Freezer". A door leading further north is labled "Storage".

Freezer
Name: Freezer
Description: You enter the freezer. In boxes around the shelves are hamburgers, fries and bread. Various other boxes must contain more food items you figure. It's cold. On the north wall is an air vent, its sucking cool air out. It looks sturdy. There are quite a lot of ice in here, it must have been a long time since the freezer was defrosted.

WasteProcessing
Name: Waste Processing
Description: You enter the Waste processing unit of the resturant. There is a harsh smell of cleaning supplies in the room. Several heavy machinery stations a littered around the room, box pressers, shredders and grinders. There is a door leading north in here. On it's side is a small card reader. On the western wall is an air vent cover. Its emitting a faint noise.

Storage
Name: Storage
Description: You've entered the storage room of the resturant. A lot of boxes are here, on shelves and stacked on the ground. Reading some of the labels you find reciept paper, spices and other various items are stored here. On a door to the west is a small card reader. It's blinking. The label over the door says "Shipping bay". On the door leading north there is a sign labled "CleanBot™ Bay". The door leading east is labeled "Data Center". The door leading south says "Kitchen".

CleanBotBay
Name: CleanBot bay
Description: A small room covered in wires and cables. There is a large machine here, with tanks connected to it. The tanks are labeled "Surfactants", "Disinfection", "Solvents", "Enzymes" and "Fragrances". This must be where the Cleaning robot charges and gets refilled with chemicals. A door leads south back into the storage.

ShippingBay
Name: Shipping Bay
Description: Here is the Shipping bay. A brisk wind is coming in trough the roll down covers leading outside. There are two loading/unloading stations here, as well as a offline drone laying on the floor. This must be where the goods are delivered to the resturant you think to yourself. A door leading west is labeled "Storage". A door leading south has a small card reader next to it. It's blinking. The door is labeled "Waste processing"

ServerRoom
Name: Server Room
Description: Racks of computer hardware are spread about the room here. Even though there is cold air coming in from a air vent on the south wall the room is very warm. Several racks have bulbous rounded computer parts attached to them. One is blinking green steadily, while the others are flashing red at various intervals. A small screen is glowing on one of the walls of the room.


  